Convo 0: (Opening Scene) (Possibly in hallway, near couches)

Student_1: Hey guys, I didn't get any errors this time!
\I think it might actually work now!
Student_2: Sweeeeet! Run it, man.
Student_1: And...run!
Student_2: Oh my God.
Student_1: No no no no no, this wasn't supposed to happen!
\Get away from me, you...thing! No...NOOOOOOOOO!
[END]

Convo 1: (Melody's Room)

Zena: Uggh! My code is taking so long to compile!
\Why can't it just work?!
Melody: What's wrong with it?
Zena: I don't know, it's just taking a really long time.
\I think there might be a bug in my code. Or a badly-placed
\while loop...
Fatimah: Ughhh! I have a bug too that I haven't figured
\out yet. I think I'll email Bruce to ask about it.
Zena: Why does the project have to be due tonight?!
Fatimah: Why can't we just eat the exception...
Melody: Do you want me to take a look at your code...?
Fatimah: Hey, guys! Bruce sent us an email!
\Maybe it's an extension!
Bruce: Error Alert! Error Alert! There was a power surge
\while a group of students was creating a program to debug
\their projects. Instead, they brought everyone's bugs to life!
\We need a team of Exception Eaters to help save Davis from
\the bug invasion. Install this program, the Error Scrambler 2.0,
\on your laptops to help you along the way.
Zena: Whoa! I can't believe this!
Melody: I know! Oh, the CS children...when will they learn...?
Zena: This is our chance to be heroes! We'll be like the characters
\who save the world from certain doom, like in Cyberrace and those
\other awesome cartoons!
Fatimah: We can fix everyone's bugs!
Melody: I can finally watch Stewart Galaxy and go to bed!
\Let's do it!
[END]

Convo 2: (Entering Davis)

Melody: It's so eerie and quiet...
Fatimah: Wait, did you guys just hear something??
Zena: Who was that? Hello...?
Melody: Hmmm...Whatever it was, it didn't sound human.
Fatimah: ...
Zena: ...
Melody: ...?!
Zena: Whoa, they found us! It's the bugs!!
Fatimah: Melody, Zena, your laptops! Let's use our Error Scramblers!!
Melody: But I haven't read the documentation yet!
Zena: We can review real quick.
[END]

Convo 3: (Hallway)

Melody: There we go.
Zena: We did it! Nice job, you two.
Fatimah: Now that the bad guys are gone, what do we do next?
Melody: Well, we could try the doors. Bruce isn't in his office
\from what I can tell, so maybe he's in one of the labs.
\Let's check the robotics lab. 
[END]

Convo 4: (Robotics Lab) (Before first battle)

Zena: Whoa, they were waiting for us...
Fatimah: Pfft, we can take these guys out with our algo-rhythm!
Zena: ...Algo-rhythm?
Fatimah: Yeah, with our funky coding skills and groovy dance moves.
Zena: We can't fight bugs with dance moves!!
Melody: Um, guys...
Melody: Let's get to work.
Fatimah: Okie.
[END]

Convo 5: (Robotics Lab) (After fighting required number of battles)

Charles?: GAH!
Fatimah: Is that...Charles?
Melody: Well, we'll have to save him, then!
Zena: Are you guys ready?
Fatimah: Hahaha, no.
Melody: Sure we are.
Zena: Charles, we're here to help!
Charles?: Help?! I don't need help!
Zena: But your bugs--
Charles?: THEY'RE NOT BUGS! THEY'RE FEATURES!
Melody: Um...are you okay, Charles?
Charles?: There's nothing wrong with me! I've never felt so great before!
\All of my code finally makes sense!
Fatimah: Look at his eyes - I think the bugs might be controlling him.
Zena: Haha, so the bugs "programmed" Charles. ...Hehe.
Charles?: You think you can laugh at me?! I'll show you!
\Brethren, attaaaaaack!
Melody: Here we go!
[END]

Convo 6: (Robotics Lab) (Post-Saving Charles)

Melody: Mission accomplished.
Charles: Ugh...my head...Thanks so much, you guys!  My bugs took me captive and gave
\me massive codeblock. Sorry about yelling, I couldn't control it.
Melody: The bugs are giving everyone codeblock, but it looks like they're
\choosing to take control over some people too.
Zena: Hey, look! I just found a piece of paper with some random letters and
\numbers on it. 
Fatimah: Hmm, I wonder what that's for.
Melody: Oh, Bruce just emailed us something.
Bruce: Hi all--
Bruce: The bugs have stolen Randy's secret codes so that they can hack into
\his computer. The other code is still out there somewhere. Try to find it
\as you defeat the bugs.
Bruce: Best,
Zena: Well, that answers our questions.
Charles: Hey, can I join you guys? I'd like to help, too!
Melody: Sure, we could always use another person.
Charles: Cool, thanks! So what should we do now?
Fatimah: Well, we are the only ones awake and equipped to take out the baddies.
Melody: So that means we have some debugging to do.
Fatimah: And some keys to collect!
Zena: It looks like this room is pretty clear for now. We should head to the Mac lab.
Charles: Alright, let's go!
[END]

Convo 7: (Mac/CS151 Lab) (Pre-first battle)

Melody: CS Children, we're here to save you from your bugs!
CS_Child: I don't need saving! Bug minions, take them out!
Zena: Byte me!
[END]

Convo 8: (Mac/CS151 Lab) (Post-Battle)

Charles: Take that, exception scum.
CS_Child: Thanks so much!
Fatimah: No problem! Now get some sleep!
CS_Child: ...I'll try.
Melody: Okay, let's move onward and debug as much
\as we can.
Zena: Yeah.
[END]

Convo 9: (Mac/CS151 Lab) (Post-required number of battles)

Fatimah: I see the paper!!
Melody: But there's a bug in front of it!
[END]

Convo 10: (Mac/CS151 Lab) (Post-Chuck Norris bug battle)

Fatimah: Haha! Look at that! It didn't stand a chance, faced with our awesomeness.
Melody: Well, it was just a matter of searching Hack Overfull and--
Zena: Okay, let's get that code.
Charles: Now we just have to give them back to Bruce.
[END]

Convo 11: Entrance/Hallway (Post-Battles, Pre-Boss)

Melody: Bruce! We found both of the codes.
Zena: Here you go!
Bruce?: Excellent...Excellent...
Melody: Bruce...?
Bruce?: Hahahahahaha, you miserable humans are as dense as your stupid
\little faces convey...
Fatimah: Wait...his eyes...
Bruce?: Ah yes, for some reason the changing of the eye color
\can't be avoided when executing cerebral overrides...
Zena: Who are you?! Let Bruce go!!
Bruce?: I am the NULL POINTER EXCEPTION!! Thank you for handing me the keys to the kingdom, by the way--
\my success would have been impossible without contributions from viewers like you. Bwahahahaha! Farewell!
Melody: Come back here!
Zena: ...damn it.
Fatimah: Yeah...well...you might have an army, but WE have a MELODY!!!
Charles: Are you okay, Bruce?
Bruce: Yes, sorry about that.
Zena: What was that?
Bruce: That was the leader of the bugs who invaded, the Null Pointer Exception.
\It surprise-attacked me while I was helping the other students defeat their
\bugs. But that's not at the front of the priority queue right now. The Null Pointer
\Exception is heading to Randy's computer system - now that it has the codes,
\it can take over all of the computers on Colby's network.
Fatimah: No...There has to be something that we can do to stop him!
Bruce: Well, there is one way. I can send you into the CyberSystem to defeat him before
\he takes over Randy's system. Are you sure you want to do that?
Zena: I don't think there's any other way. We can't hesitate after coming this far.
Fatimah: Agreed.
Bruce: Okay, then I'll send you guys there now.
Charles: Sounds like a plan.
Melody: Well then, let's do this.
[END]

Convo 12: Final Battle Arena (Neg. Version of Entrance/Hallway or Mel's Room)

Fatimah: There it is! The Null Pointer Exception!
NPE: Ugh, I can't believe you insignificant specks have
\bothered to pursue me. Do you really think that you stand a chance against me?
Charles: Ha, we eat exceptions like you for breakfast!
NPE: Oh? You may change your mind once I have control over all
\of Colby's computer systems!
Zena: We're not gonna let that happen!
NPE: Oh please, you don't stand a chance against me! Not when you have
\your own bugs living inside of your own code. Not when you have bugs living
\inside of you. Little flaws in your very own source code that breed your
\habits of laziness, sloth, greed, envy. You can't defeat me when the members
\of your insignificant little "human race" can't even fix themselves!
Zena: That's...
Zena: ...
Fatimah: We'll never be perfect, but we'll never stop fighting for good either.
Charles: You may think our source code is flawed-
Melody: but although we have flaws, we have the potential to improve ourselves,
\unlike you bugs.
Zena: ...You sound like a generic anime protagonist.
Zena: But count me in!!!
Charles: Together, we have the power and skills to defeat you!
Fatimah: You're gonna get_rect()!
NPE: Aww, look, the children think they stand a chance...
NPE: Prepare to die!
Charles: Here we go!
Zena: Haaaa!!!
Fatimah: Yaaaaah!!!
Melody: Get your Error Scramblers out! We're starting!
[END]

Convo 13: Final Battle Arena [Neg. Entrance/Hallway or Melody's Room (Post-Boss)]

NPE: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! MY KINGDOM!!! MY MINIONS!!! AAAHHHHHH.... 
NPE: ...aahhhh...
NPE: ...
Fatimah: It's gone! We did it! We won!!
Melody: I knew we could do it. Now peace will reign over Davis once more.
Charles: ...Well, relatively.
Bruce: Congratulations! You saved Davis, Colby, and possibly the world! Well done,
\my students!
Zena: Hmmm...that's nice and all, but how are we gonna finish our projects in time now?!
\I still haven't fixed my bugs and it's already this late...
Bruce: Don't worry, you all get extensions! You get an extension, you get an extension,
\everyone gets an extension! I'd better send out an e-mail!
[END]